uh now did I get the scenario right uh
tell us of where the idea came to you I
mean I think it's a kind of idea a lot
of beer drinkers have toyed with since
the beginning of time really I think you
hit the nail I think most guys have been
in a really comfortable position on the
couch you just don't want to get up and
run another beer yeah and and did the
the design come easily to you oh yeah I
think that I've done a lot of robotics
in the past and I just see it in my head
and build it and and what what did what
was the expense involved here it was
made five hundred dollars and 150 hours
of work and people say i'm a lazy person
for you know I don't want to get off at
the cab right here no you really exactly
yeah it's a lot of work yeah well the
mother of necessity or whatever that
goes now will you sell this are people
interested in buying this I was
surprised how many people are interested
in buying it but mainly the emails like
that I like yo dude that's awesome can i
buy one
so I and
and if you were an able to mass-produce
them what would they cost I think I've
got fifteen hundred dollar fifteen
hundred dollars and this thing pays for
itself in a weekend really done alright
well we have it here and if the guys
will bring it out will demonstrate the
you're calling at the beer launching
freedom yeah that's a beauty
okay now here you have the remote
control their keyless entry here keyless
entry except pit on lock star throat
there goes the arm sure and weds this is
a regular refrigerator that's been
modified slightly flat in a headlock and
here comes a beer okay hopefully
it's a wonderful thing
congratulations John a grateful nation
salute you